Ah!
Ruzong, isn't this far from me?
Can I touch you?
We'll see.
Ah you go away
You go away you don't touch me you go away
I have never liked money or women
Start today.
I will often worship the Lord
We are husband and wife
You've got to be ready.
Dr. Liu, who is that girl?
I can't remember her name
That girl is pretty.
Still a virgin
Physical condition is good
The chances of success are also very high
Aunt, come to the nursing home as soon as you get off the plane
Just for this guy in the hospital bed
Who is he?
He's a doctor at Kyoto Women's and Children's Hospital.
My name is Liu Hui. I got news three months ago.
Shen Wanci wanted to use lipolytic gold for artificial insemination
So I paid him off.
Want the surgery to fail
Unexpectedly, Shen Wanci did not appear
He put lipolytic seeds
Put it in another woman's stomach
But he hasn't told me who it is yet.
There was a withdrawal.
He has been in a coma until now.
Fat has been looking for him
Luckily I secretly hid it
I didn't let the paper find it.
What are you doing?
Can you tell me in advance?
I was going to take care of everything
I'll tell you again.
But I didn't expect something to go wrong in the middle
The paper container has probably been discovered
Secretly hid that woman
It's also possible that their plan didn't work out at all
If this woman exists
How could grandpa be so calm?
But we can't let go of the past
You must find this woman first
I heard you've been very close to a woman recently
Xiaoyuan, you have to remember the purpose of your return.
aunt
I know what I'm doing.
You can touch anyone but Jon can't